The Freemium R&D team oversees the entire user journey on Spotify and ensures we engage with people in innovative ways, every step of the way. Our team grows Spotify’s audience by finding future listeners around the world and delivering the right value to them, at the right time. With research, product development, product design, engineering, and marketing all collaborating in one organization, we’re able to quickly create meaningful features and services for millions of people around the world, resulting in joyful, long-lasting relationships with Spotify.
Location

New York or Remote EMEA

Job type

Permanent

We are looking for a Data Engineer to join a team of versatile engineers that craft libraries, tooling and the infrastructure supporting data processing at Spotify. We research and develop state of the art solutions, collaborating with other teams within the Commerce Tribe to evolve a robust and reliable platform. Our platform is built to enable data practitioners to solve complex technical challenges, while providing an awesome developer experience, enforcing standards and making sure data workflows run reliably and efficiently.
What You'll Do:

Research, prototype, implement and drive improvements and solutions, focused on solving complex data processing problems across the commerce organization.
You will create and update and evangelize standards and documentation that improve the experience for people working with data at Spotify.
Who You Are:

You love Data Engineering.
You are Data centric (able to morph between a Data Engineer and Data Scientist).
You have a strong understanding of data systems.
You are knowledgeable and passionate about improving and building data platforms.
You are familiar with current engineering practices such as distributed architecture.
You are curious about new technologies and finding uses and insights for all types of data.
You will have experience working on and building distributed data pipelines that ingest huge amounts of data across multiple sources and brands.
You will have experience working with Scala and Python, Scio & Luigi would be an encouraged bonus.
Where You'll Be:

We are a distributed workforce enabling our band members to find a work mode that is best for them!
Where in the world? For this role, it can be within the EMEA region in which we have a work location
Prefer an office to work from home instead? Not a problem! We have plenty of options for your working preferences. Find more information about our Work From Anywhere  options here.
Working hours? We operate within the Central European time zone for collaboration
We ask that our team members be located within Greenwich Mean time zone, Central European time zone, or Eastern European standard time zone for the purposes of our collaboration hours.
Our global benefits


Extensive learning opportunities, through our dedicated team, GreenHouse.


Flexible share incentives letting you choose how you share in our success.


Global parental leave, six months off - fully paid - for all new parents.


All The Feels, our employee assistance program and self-care hub.


Flexible public holidays, swap days off according to your values and beliefs.


Spotify On Tour, join your colleagues on trips to industry festivals and events.

Learn about life at Spotify

Spotify is an equal opportunity employer. You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be forward-thinking! So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens.

Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the chance to enjoy and be passionate about these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service.